Catalog revision (#25)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/catalog/catalog_api/catalog_element.md

# Catalog element

The `CatalogElement` class defines the generic product and category model.

All parts of the catalog, such as products, product categories or product types inherit from `CatalogElement`.

## Properties

> Each `CatalogElement` has predefined properties. These methods are validated automatically by the `validateProperties()` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each `CatalogElement` has predefined properties. These properties are validated automatically by the `validateProperties()` method.
```

|Identifier|Type|Description|
|--- |--- |--- |

> |`name`|string|The name of the element|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`name`|string|A name of the element|
```

|`text`|string|A short introduction text for the element|
|`image`|ImageField (FieldInterface)|An image for the element|

> |`path`|array|The path to the element (array of identifiers)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`path`|array|A path to the element (array of identifiers)|
```

> |`url`|string|The internal URL of the element. This URL should not be used for generating links. Use `seoUrl` instead|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`url`|string|An internal URL of the element. Do not use this URL for generating links. Use `seoUrl` instead|
```

> |`seoUrl`|string|The human-readable URL of the element|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`seoUrl`|string|A human-readable URL of the element|
```

> |`permanentUrl`|string|The internal permanent URL|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`permanentUrl`|string|An internal permanent URL|
```

> |`parentElementIdentifier`|string|The unique identifier of the parent element|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`parentElementIdentifier`|string|A unique identifier of the parent element|
```

> |`identifier`|string|The unique identifier|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`identifier`|string|A unique identifier|
```

|`dataMap`|FieldInterface[]|A list of Fields|

> |`cacheIdentifier`|int\|string|Cache identifier of the element to use as key in cache storage|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`cacheIdentifier`|int\|string|A cache identifier of the element. Used as key in cache storage|
```

> There are four public methods to set the properties: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are four public methods that you can use to set the properties: 
```

- `setImage()`
- `setName()`
- `setText()`
- `setCacheIdentifier()`

### Validators

The following validators can be used when attributes are set in `CatalogElement`:

|Name|Parameters|Description|
|--- |--- |--- |

> |`validateStringAttribute`|`$value`,</br>`$attribute`|Checks if the value is a valid string|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`validateStringAttribute`|`$value`,</br>`$attribute`|Checks whether the value is a valid string|
```

Reviewer: Please apply to the lines below
